# How to Fix a Broken Sales Org in 90 Days | Kevin KD Dorsey

Good morning, everybody, and welcome to this leadership episode of 30 Minutes to President's Club. My name is Armon Froke, and I'm here with my co host, Nick Siegelski, and we are live in studio with the legendary KD. I was looking before this, and you know this is a good sign. I literally couldn't count how many times KD has been on our show. I think it is over eight at this point, and it is certainly the single most brought back and most requested guest on 30MPC of all time. If you are not familiar with KD, KD, Kevin Dorsey, he is a four time sales leader running orgs over 100 million of ARR, two time sales leader at Unicorns, and he is currently the CRO at Finally. Nick, why should people listen? So KD gets into how he diagnoses where he is going to focus his efforts when he takes over a new revenue org. He talks about What he's willing to let burn, what he's willing to work on immediately, and how you can think through that. There was one point in the show where he literally rattled off probably 30 different metrics that he investigates and how he determines which ones he's not even going to touch. Then he gets into how he messages this stuff out to his leadership team and how he builds one on one structures so that he gets visibility all the way down to the rep level, but also to the manager and the director level. And he goes through his one on one framework. And then we ended with. There's a ton that KD implements into his organizations to help run that organization, and you can't do everything at once, and he takes us through the order of operations of the best practices that he installs in a team. Alrighty KD welcome back to the show. We start every show with your top three actionable leadership takeaways. Let's get your three. My first one is identifying your dominoes. And this falls into the people bucket. So when I'm joining a new company, I want to get to know my people very quickly. And I'm trying to identify my dominoes. So the domino is if this person falls, the rest of the team falls with them. And that is either a good way or a bad way. And so I want to know who's the emotional center of the team. Who do people look for to say, all right, if this person. I'm with it. So I'm very quick to identify my dominoes, both at the team level, but also at the executive level. So that is step one for me. Boom. What's number two. Number two is I'm looking for two X levers too often. When leaders join a company, they're trying to fix everything. They're trying to fix every single thing at once, where I'm trying to identify, where do I think things can get two times better, both from a metric standpoint, but also from a behavior and skill standpoint. So I'm going through the entire process as a seller, as a. Customer as an onboarder say, where do I think this can get two times better? Cause that's where I'm going to have the fastest impact. When I joined my team there, the show rate was like 65 percent for SDRs, which is not great, but it's not horrible, but it was the complaint I was hearing from AEs. Oh, they don't show up. It doesn't matter. So we need our show rate to be improved. But our conversation to meeting rate was 13%. I can't 2X a 65 percent show rate, but I can 2X a 13 percent conversation conversion rate. And so I shelved show rate and say, Hey, we'll work on that. But we have to fix this first. So I'm looking for things that will have far bigger impact. That doubled, I mean it's more than doubled at this point, we've almost tripled the amount of meetings per SDR from getting our conversation rate up. The show rate stayed at 65%. And I was fine with it. I slept just fine. Boom. That was our 2x tactic. Let's get the 3x tactic. So number three, and this is, this is going to shake some people. I do not jump on calls when I join a new company, and a lot of leaders do. They're like, oh, let me get on the call for either two reasons. One, they use it as they want to observe. Like, I want to see what's happening. They don't understand how much pressure that puts on the rep. Your new CRO is jumping on your disco call or your closing call. Like you're going to get a completely different version of that call. So that messes with it. But the other side is they jump on, like, let me show you. I still got it. Let me show you, I can do this. And it tends to make things far worse than they realize. That's not as much as people preach it. That is not actually how you build the social credit that you need with your team. Leadership would be so easy if all it took was to show people I can still close. That's not how you do it. I observe a lot of calls. I listen to hundreds. I read hundreds of calls when I join, but I don't jump on calls out the gate. I think a lot of people get that wrong. So Katie, I want to ask you about the diagnosis of where you focus your time at all. Can you speak to the diagnosis process, both from a quantitative perspective, but also from a qualitative perspective. So metrics are easy to diagnose. The problem is a lot of companies don't have all the metrics in place that maybe they should. So, but the metrics, you can spot those very, very quickly. So on the closing side, I'm looking at close rate, obviously deal size. ACV across the board. Then I'm also looking at sales cycle. I'm looking at stage progression, but then I take those metrics and I break them out by channel. What's my close rate by inbound? What's my close rate by outbound? What's my close rate by partnership? So I take those core ones and the closing metrics are actually easier than all the other metrics. So those are really the core ones I'm looking at there and then I splinter it out. Then I'm going to my pipeline metrics Okay. There's pipeline volume. How many, right, how many opportunities are we creating pipeline value, what it's worth and this is one that so many people get wrong is, you know, and some of y'all listen, it's like, if you have, you know, pipeline coverage, like, oh, we need three X coverage, four X coverage, people just make it up and like, well, three X coverage only works if you're closed rates. 33 percent people is making it up. But the problem is coverage is a value number and close rate is a volume number. And this is where people go wrong all the time where, okay, say my quota is a hundred K well, three X coverage would be a 300 K. 400K 300K. But if my close rate's 20 percent and I only have 4 opportunities that add up to 300K, how many deals do I get out of those 4? My close rate's 20 percent I've got 4 deals. How many deals do I get? That means 1 in 5 deals you close. There's a chance you don't get any of those deals. 20 percent to 4 is 0. 8. So. Although I had 3x coverage in value, I didn't have the 5x coverage needed in volume, right? So my pipeline value, pipeline volume, that I'm going below that there's show rate that I'm going below above that meeting set, I'm looking then what leads into meeting set when I have activity, I have my calls, I have my emails, and I go into the subcategories with calls, connect rate. Conversation rate conversation conversion rate, number one objection, top two objections. I go to email, open rate, click through rate, response rate. I'm going through every sequence. So I'm breaking all that down. Then I get an onboarding right? So now I'm on the customer side. Speed to onboarding call, onboarding show rate, speed to value, speed to login, utilization within 90 days, churn rates um renewal rates, upsell rates. So I'm breaking all that down. Now, when you, not every company is going to have that. And if they don't, Well, then I have to go qualitative only and you can very quickly spot some of these things, right? So on all those metrics, and like I said, I splinter them out by channel, I splinter them out by rep, but I'm looking for my two X levers. So I'm like, okay, if a connect rate is this in my experience, I know it should be here, right? Or if it's lower than I expect, so like close rate, close rates, 15%, I go, I have a clue. Now I'm looking at close loss reasons. Closed loss reasons in there. What are the reasons things aren't moving forward? So metric wise, I'm looking at all that. You don't have that. You have to go qualitative. And this is where experience comes in. Y'all could listen to a disco call and tell me whether or not it could get two times better. You could, you've been in the game long enough to look at that. You could dive into pipeline and go, wait, no one's following up and say that could get two times better. So this is where the qualitative comes in. And like, you know, I've talked, I've been on your show a few times, so I talk about Bipsy, right? But like, I'm looking at behaviors, looking at the process, I'm looking at the skills of the team. I'm looking at how the managers are actually leading those team for the qualitative. Perfect example. Customer closes. There was an almost two week delay between close and onboarding call. What do you think that does to a customer? They bought today and they don't even start their onboarding until two weeks later. What does that mean? Serious lack of momentum. They're frustrated. They have a problem they want to solve. Right. They signed up for a reason. Then it's two weeks. That's where buyer's remorse shows up. Right. So go figure. We had a high pre onboarding churn rate. Why was two weeks out? rejigged the entire model to get people booked within two to three days. We saw that number drop by almost 40 percent within the first 60 to 90 days of like implementing it. So you can like experience things as a buyer and go, yeah, that would suck. Right? So that's like the qualitative is like, what does it feel like to go through the process? New sales leaders, if you've joined a company and you have not, Call it secret shop to your own company as a lead. What's the followup like as a demo? How do people pitch right? Like the reps don't know that I secret shopped finally before I joined 100%. I opted in 100%. I had friends put their name in to see what that followup was like and what that demo was like to see how things actually operated. Right. And onboarding, same idea. Go through that onboarding process. What are you asking your customers to do? So there's so many places to find two X levers and he gets to get to pick. I think one of the hardest things for most leaders is prioritizing. They try to do all of it, whereas I'm very open to say, I'm not going to fix that. I'm going to let that burn for now as long as it's a controlled burn, move on to what's most important. You have your quantitative levers, and then you have your qualitative levers. So you're going in on discovery calls, you're looking at deal reviews, things like that. How much are you relying on your own instinct and knowing where you know you always need to look versus meeting with your leadership staff and with the reps and letting them So I, I don't, I guess I don't accept that feedback very early on, because everyone's going to have that bias, right? They've been in it. So this, KD, this is what's broken. This is bad. Fix this. And that will send leaders down a rabbit hole of like, okay, I got to go fix this thing. It may not be the most important thing to fix. So I am very, very observant early on. I take feedback. I hear from everybody. We'll talk about it when we get into dominoes. Like I there's questions I ask everybody around challenges, blockers right? One of my favorite questions to ask when I join a company is, what sucks right now? And so very early on, I'm showing the reps, like, look, I know, I know stuff's busted. Let's just talk about it, like what sucks, and I want to find those things out. But I actually don't allow the feedback to drive my direction. I know what I'm looking for. I'm gonna go see if I can find it, then I'll verify it with their feedback, but not the other way around. How do you message that to the folks reporting to you? Because I could imagine if I'm the SDR leader at your org, and you're the new CRO, and I'm like, Katie, we gotta fix this show rate problem. The AEs are screaming at my reps. They're getting discouraged. We gotta fix this. And you're like, that's not the thing I need to fix right now. I need to let that burn. You're just taking stuff in. How do you address when someone's got like a hot we need to fix this without making it seem like you're just ignoring the thing they're focused on and the thing they care about? The first level is getting the whole team together. Right? So only one time in my career, and I will never do this again, only one time in my career that I Only lead the sales dev side of the house and every other org I've had, I had both sides and it was because I experienced that we're like, all right, I'm trying to fight these fires, but I can't get the buy in from the side because I oversee both sides of the house. I'm able to unify that of like, Hey, so y'all could ping my, my leaders. And if you said this phrase to them, they'll probably laugh, maybe throw up in their mouth a little bit because they hear it so often, which is volume versus volume. So there are high volume problems, a. k. a. loud, it's high volume. It's loud. It's a loud problem. Oh, these STR meetings suck. Oh, the leads from marketing are awful, which they are. Always blame marketing. But it's a high volume. It's loud. But then you also have high volume. There's a lot of it. Right? Different definitions of volume and I talk about this with my team often is I care about the high volume. There's a lot of it. This is happening a lot. We can actually point to it, but too often you focus on the high volume loud. Jenny stole my leads. This always happens. How many has she still in this? This literally just happened. One of my teams was like, Oh, like the, the leads have gotten worse. So we're getting way more like bad data. And then even my leaders are like, yeah, like we found in one of the campaigns, like the bad data rate was much higher than it's supposed to be. And so we shut that campaign off. I'm like, great. How many leads are we talking about? It's like, yeah, there were 103. We get almost 4, 000 leads a month. And you shut off a campaign for 103 bad and you think that's what took down our L to C by no, that was a high volume, loud, high volume, um, a lot of it. So like, that's how I also bring my team together. It's like, look, this is a problem. This is a loud problem. And then I do explain the concept of two X all the time. Can I two X this? And if there is the complaint, it's like a E leader. How high do you think I can get the show? Right. What do you think? It was best case scenario. It's 65 right now. How high do you think we can get an outbound show rate? And I'll let them say, well, if we get it to 80, I'm like, okay, cool. Let's get it to 80. That would be an additional. 19 meetings. Is that enough to make you happy? No, we need way more than that. Cool. Let's find another way to go do this. I'm very, I'm very communicative with my people on like how we're making decisions and why we're making those decisions. And I think that helps get the buy in. I was literally triggered by the loud volume problems because I remember when I first took over both the SMB sales and STR teams over at Carta. I did that same interview and 9 out of 10 complaints sounded like this. We price based on the number of equity holders a company has, but we carve territories by the number of employees a company has. My territory is 25 to 100 employees. This SMB rep had a 20 employee count with 30 shareholders. I should get that lead. And everyone was furious when you'd have like one out of segment opportunity closed by an SMB rep. And to be clear, I'm not okay with ROEs being broken left and right. But I was like, Okay, let's pretend that I go to RevOps and I try to come up with this fancy lead enrichment process and qualification process with a million different handoffs between reps. What happens to my top line number? Literally nothing. Absolutely nothing happens to the top line number. Reps will complain about things that are important to the reps, but not necessarily important to the business. Volume versus volume. And now if one thing is happening to 100 reps, now that volume is relatively significant. But if it's not happening often, I taught this even with my team, it's like, you look, I hear you, which would you like me to solve first? I can work to solve this, or I can work to solve this. This over here, I'm highly confident will increase what you can make over the next quarter. This over here will. Well, we're going to punish Jenny. We're going to make sure that ROE gets followed. And the one deal that got stole this quarter congrats. Right? So I'm very open with that with my team, especially if it is something like look. I'm gonna be honest, we can't prioritize that right now. I have a higher volume problem to fix and that's where my energy is going. One of the things that you were talking to us about on the pre show was that you have an extremely structured way that you run your one on ones with each person in your revenue org and you document this stuff. Can you take me through how you run those? It is very structured and it's kind of split into two halves with that because there's a rep one on one, there's a manager one on one, there's a director one on one. So the concepts are relatively similar throughout all of them. But for my rep one on ones right there's the metric portion. So it always starts with how are you pacing the goal? Right? And I always emphasize, how are you pacing to goal? How are you pacing to quota? Those are different things right? Quote, you give someone a quota. So as a set a goal, how are you pacing to your goal right now? Not your quota. I just got off a call with one of my directors right now, where someone's like Oh like but I'm hitting quota. It's like the rest of the team was like two Xing it. Quota is no longer our benchmark for like what performance looks like. Like we should be above these marks. So how are you pacing to goal? Then under that is their key metrics. So like, if it's an AE, what's their Close, right? What's their deal size? What's their pipeline value? What's their pipeline volume? It's like their key metrics are there. Underneath that is the skill focus is where they have a couple call reviews in their couple call scores in there and what their practice plan is for the week. Then under that are like the Update questions right? Like, too many one on ones are just run for updates. Alright like where are we at? How's that deal looking? I ask those questions ahead of time, right? So, the first question almost always is like, what were the wins last week? What are the wins? That's not allowed to be blank. force you to find some wins. It could have been the worst week in the world. There's some wins that happened, right? So what were the wins from last week? Under that is some of the deal related questions. What deals are in X stage, right? Some of the deal management docs go there. Then it is looking into like, we always have a self care question. So my personal self care question is, how are you taking care of yourself this week? Not how are you feeling? How are you taking care of yourself this week? It is forward looking and focused on self care. How's your energy is another great one. I don't like asking people how they're doing. It's just a bland question. How are you doing? Good. Good. Move right along, right? Versus like, how's your energy this week? Like I want to know where, where you're at there. Challenges or blockers right? Anything that we're running into recognition who on the team deserves a shout out and why. And then the last question is, you know, what is your plan for the week? How are we going to make progress towards. You know the the goal above and the key to this is one the rep fills this out This is not filled out by the manager. The rep fills this out. It's the reps one on one So they fill it out and this is done Friday afternoon. So this is our end and send it for the week When do you want your rep to come up with a plan for next week Friday afternoon? Not Monday. Not Tuesday. Not Wednesday What's your plan for next week? So that's that is all done Friday afternoon. So that's like the rep Set up that flows to the manager one, right? So the manager has their team performance, all the reps names on that docker blue, because it links to the rep one on one. And then what the managers are reporting up to me is very similar, but then it's rep by rep. What's the number one metric? What's the issue diagnosis? What's the plan to address? Rep by rep by rep. This is where we spend almost the entire one on one is one of my most important jobs is actually making sure they're focused on the right metric. Yeah. Oh, I'm working on, you know, I'm on for activity, right? Is activity is not where it needs to be. So that's the number one metric. And I go, cool. The conversation conversion rate is six. I don't want them talking to more people right now. You're actually focused on the wrong thing. You're forcing them to make more dials when they're actually not good at the dials. It's the wrong metric. Let's make sure we focus back. This just, this just happened with, with one of my reps, unfortunately. They were doing pretty damn well. They were in the top 20 percent of the org, sometimes top 10%, but they had a lower deal size than some of the other. They focused with this rep on bringing their deal size up. What do you think happened? So all of a sudden the focus is, they focus on deal size, they want to try to charge more. What other metric may have gotten impacted by that? I think their win rate, because they're probably artificially trying to inflate these. Exactly. So all of a sudden their ACV went up, but their win rate dropped by 50%. So they saw a 20 percent increase in ACV, but a 50 percent increase. And y'all, the faces that all they're making, if you're not watching this, like, you can do the math. It's like. Wait. So the reps performance went down because they were focused on the wrong metric and I caught it too late, right? This was manager to director, director to me. And so when I started to dive into like, what's happening with this rep, they used to be here. And then I dive into the manager one on one doc and into the rep one on one doc and go, Oh no. Oh Hmm. No no no no. Why, why did we focus on this? Like, Oh, cause their ACV could have been higher. It's like, first of all, it wasn't a two X possibility, but two, like we took a rep that was performing well and not like we literally, literally the assignment was, I want you to listen to 10 of his calls back when he was performing high. I want you to listen to all those with the rep and get him back to that. So do I understand this correct? That You have, for example, eight reps on one manager team, and then you as the CRO, you can see all of the one on one docs, and that's public. So the rep knows that KD could be popping into my one on one doc with my manager. Best believe I throw comments on there from time to time. It is highly inconsistent. It is not lit. I might go a couple months, and all of a sudden, aw, shit, Celeb cameo. Right? What's happening here? Oh, damn it, KD's on here right now. Right? So absolutely. I have the whole flow. Rep to manager. Manager to director, director to me at any point in time, every single one is linked all the way, all the way through. And then the reason why I love this too is like, then there's the comments on the side. This also just happened. I can tell when a manager is not running great one on ones cause there's no comments on the side, right? There's no like, okay, we talked about this. Ooh, I like this. Let's try this for, there's nothing there. And I go, what are we doing? Oh, I took them out to a couple of lunch one on ones. It's like, that's cool. Take them out to lunch. That's not the one on one. That does not count. That does not count as the one on one, right? So that's the structure for the one on one process and that what connects all this now the reps know their metrics And what they're gonna do about it the managers know the metric and what they're gonna do about it That flows to my director to myself directly. We've got the whole system connected I want to ask about the director because I hear manager is rep number one metric issue diagnosis how they're helping Is it the exact same thing for director? Yep. Okay. So managers focus on the rep metric, director focus on team metrics. So what's the number one metric for the team right now? For that manager's team. Exactly right? So there's individual ones and this is how management is supposed to work. It should be individualized right? Your goal might be 10k, your goal might be 9k, but your number one Metric might be close, right? Your might be pipeline value. I don't believe in blanket like activity metrics, because that's dependent upon your performance. I don't believe in blanket, um, pipeline metrics. That's dependent upon your performance, right? Take, take the rep that I was talking about. Had a higher close rate, a lower. deal size. Was it working? They're in the top 20 percent of the order. Were they making what they wanted to make? They were making what they wanted to make. It was working and we effed it up for no good reason. Not everyone has to be the same. The outcome needs to be the same, but there are different paths to get there. And something I stress to my team often is structure is what creates flexibility. The fact that the one on one is structured is actually what makes it more flexible. Because when that's filled out ahead of time, First of all, the manager can review it before the one on one. We got the updates out of the way. All that's written down. So if I'm reviewing that doc and you come in and let's say you filled it out and the energy question is a two. I know that going into the one on one. It actually gives me more flexibility of like, okay, I know this one on one has to be focused on. It actually gives more flexibility whereas some people, I think, think of the structure like, Oh, that's going to be too restrictive. It's like, no, it actually makes it easier to lead and to know what you have to focus on every single week. So it works and it works. It's one of the first things I install in every single company I joined is the one on one process by far. You've been on the show multiple times. You've talked about. Bipsy, this one on one flow, how you coach calls, documenting everything, practice the wiggle, yadda yadda yadda. My guess is you don't come in and you're like, alright folks, all nine of these frameworks start tomorrow. What were the first ones that you implemented and why? One on one is almost always where I start with an org because if you think about what that pulls in, there's a metric element. There is a skill element, there is a day to day deal update process element, and there's a planning element. What are you going to do next week, right, to make progress? So that's the first one, and for myself, it gives me massive insights to the org. The second thing I install is called coaching and scoring, because at the end of the day, all the tools, all the gizmos, all the gadgets. For at least the next three years, they're going to have to talk to a person after the next three. I don't know next year. Who knows what happens the next three years, but right now you still got to talk to a person that there's something still occurring. And so I look at the calls and we install the call scorecard system of like maybe just the disco or maybe just the cold call intro, or maybe it's wrapping up, but we're getting that in. Cause I'm trying to install the habit of practice or practicing and coaching or practicing and coaching. That is almost always number two in terms of the process. Then we get to like wiggle and the four D's where at that point now it's like we have a baseline of what good looks like. Now we start to document demonstrate deliberately practice, define all of that. And funny enough at finally the first three months we had an hour every single week blocked call. It was on Wednesdays too because I love alliteration the weekly wiggle. Yeah. Weekly wiggle on Wednesdays. Our blocked every single week from our first three months with the managers to build this stuff. And there's actually a checklist, you know, maybe we can do it as, as an attachment of like, from this, of like, here was the, it was called project codename, the wiggle D a D a W I G L E the wig. I codename all my projects because why the hell not have some fun with this. Right. And it was there, here's all the things, right. That we need to, you know. Define document demonstrate, deliberate practice. How'd you run that meeting? Today, we're talking about lead handling. First step, define. What does good lead handling look like? And you're just working the room. Right. We're just, we're writing this out. Second step. Okay. We got to document it. This is what good lead handling looks like. Third step. We got to demonstrate it. Let's record a video of us moving the leads around. Four step deliberate practice. How do we want to map out a practice plan for this? Point by point by point by point was blocked on the calendar for the first three months. And we create, you know, people tell me that I don't have time to do this. No, you're just not making time to do this. And what is possibly I will debate this with anybody. What on earth is more important for an or than defining what good looks like and rolling it out. I can think of nothing that is more important than that. Include well what about people? Yeah, that's also part of this. What does good look like for the people we're trying to hire? Define it. Document it. Demonstrate. And deliberately practice those interviews with the, the managers. Like it's all there. To me, this is the number one priority. You have too many people joining companies and they never define what good looks like and they wonder why it doesn't work. The second thing you roll out is call coaching and scoring. What happens when you walk in, you want to implement a call coaching scorecard. Everyone is running their calls completely differently from how you traditionally teach it and perhaps what is correct. How do you first correct the behavior and establish what good looks like so that you're not giving them a completely different call coaching scorecard from what they've been taught in the first place? So it depends on the maturity of the org, right? Is there anyone on the team that is doing well? I study my top performers. First, who is the number one? I'm gonna study the absolute shit out of them. They're doing something different. There's probably things I can already take out of that that I can layer into my own. But then it does, it starts to go into trainings. Actually, last month was one of the first months, like, I hadn't done it in a while. Like, I lead trainings. This morning, before this, I had an hour long call reviewing the SDR cold call script. And what that needs to look like I'm the CRO of this company, and I'm literally still into that level of like, what is our messaging on this? Right? So I'm looking at who is doing well, what do they do? And can I start with that? But then to that is where the experience comes in, but I'm very heavy on training. We're going to train it like I'm gonna break this down. Like, here's what we're going for. And why? Here's how it works, what we're looking for. How could you make this your own when we go from there? But we do need to establish right to have a team. If everyone's doing everything differently, that's a problem. If I'm making a pizza, there's certain ingredients that I need. I need dough, I need sauce, I need cheese. If I take the cheese away, it's not a pizza. Period. It doesn't matter. I can put the cheese back on. There's no sauce. It's not a pizza. I can take away the dough. It's not a pizza. If I take the flour out of the dough, it's no longer a pizza. Now if you want jalapenos and pineapple on yours, and you want some pepperoni and sausage, as long as the ingredients are there, add your flavor. But you cannot remove an ingredient. Discovery. Right? If you're not getting someone to agree to a problem. You're removing a crucial ingredient to the sales process. Now there's different ways to find that out. There's different ways to ask that question. And the scorecards that we build are very rep focused. Did you do this thing? Did you get them to agree to a problem? Now underneath that, there's some prompts, there's some ways you could do it. I really don't care how you did it as long as you're accomplishing what it is. So what I tell my team often is I am pretty unrelenting on the what and the why. I'm very flexible on the how. Here's what we're trying to achieve. Get a problem agreement. How? Shoot, you got a way to do that that's different than mine? God bless you. I'm all for it. I'm going to give you some ideas, but I don't care as long as you're accomplishing the what. We have to talk about one bad habit that you oftentimes see sales leaders make. So my question to you is a little bit tapered on this. What is one bad habit that most sales leaders make when they are first stepping into a new sales organization? that they should stop doing. I will say prescribing without diagnosing. They come in and they think they have like the playbook in their head already and they just start prescribing and they never actually diagnosed. They never actually found out what was going on because of that. They're prescribing something that doesn't matter or they're working on the wrong things. I'd say it's probably one of the biggest bad habits is people come in and they think they already know what to do and they just prescribe it without actually diagnosing what's causing the problem. Amazing man. Well, everyone hang on for a 60 second recap coming up soon. Alrighty folks, it is time for a two by two recap from this episode with KD. What do you have for your two? The first one is Understand volume or volume. What Katie got into is that there are two types of problem. There are loud problems, the volume of the noise of the problem is loud. And then there are a lot of problems, where the volume of the amount of the problem is a lot. You should be focusing on the high volume problems rather than the squeaky wheel. Number two is in the beginning of the episode, he talks about looking for 2x levers. If you're only going to increase show rate by 10%, that has far less impact than if you can double hold call to meeting booked conversion. One of the things that you have to do is focus on those 2x levers, but you also need to socialize with your leadership team that that is where you are focused. Otherwise, you run the risk of folks getting frustrated that you're not solving a problem that they think matters, that just isn't as important as the other levers you're focused on pulling. Number 3. Weekly wiggle Wednesdays, my favorite alliteration, it's one hour on the calendar every Wednesday, you and your leadership staff, you're getting in a room, and you're saying Alright this week, we're talking about the discovery question framework, what do all of our top reps do step by step by step. And then from there, you run the four D's, define it, document it, demonstrate it, and then run deliberate practice with the sales org. And then lastly, number four, there is a huge paradigm shift in my mind where KD has the manager and rep one on one docs, all linked in a one on one doc between the manager and the director. So if I'm a director of sales, I can see all eight of my managers, one on one docs with their reps. And in that, I want to know what is the number one metric they're working on with their rep? What is the issue diagnosis? And what is their plan B? to fix it or the plan to scale up the rep. Alrighty Nick how can people help us out? One of the things KD got into in this episode was the structure of those one on ones. We actually worked with him recently where he was a guest writer on our newsletter and actually wrote how to structure a one on one. And so if you want that, I would highly recommend you go check it out. There's a link in the show notes to go check out that newsletter edition and check out some of the other episodes we've had KD join us for. There's links in the show notes to that. We'll see you next week on the show. 